Title:

Writing WiX Installers

Abstract:

Installers are the first part of your application a user encounters. A
failed install often results in a user going else where. Installers are
a critical part of your software's success. And yet the installer is
often left to the last moment and then hastily put together.

I'll show you how to write robust, enterprise worthy installers using
the WiX Toolset. WiX is the installer technology Microsoft uses for many
of its products (and it's free). It can be challenging to setup but once
in place, you'll produce bullet proof installers directly from your CI
servers, automatically.

We'll discuss how to write installers that can be installed on top of
existing versions of your software while maintaining user settings and
options. Upgrades can be challenging, but WiX has tools to help make the
process smooth and transparent.

In addition, I'll show you how to distribute the job of writing
installers back to the team members. No more, "Give it to the Installer
guy to figure out". Installers become a shared responsibility instead of
a roadblock.

Stop using unwieldy installer scripts and instead, write, solid,
declarative installers that your whole team and users will enjoy using.

About Me:

Mike Ward

I've been programming since the late 1900's :). I started with punch
cards, moved on to Systems Programming, then Desktop Applications and
most recently Web front-ends. I'm the original author of Hyper Terminal,
the Telnet application that shipped with Windows 95 (my 15 seconds of
fame). I also run several open source projects including, VSColorOutput
(a Visual Studio extension), Desk Drive, Tweetz and Markdown Edit. All
these and more can be found at: <https://github.com/mike-ward>
